The stress and burnout of finals really took a toll on this project. I have been stressing for weeks over finals, and by the time I needed to focus on this project, I was way too burnt out to actually do anything. I spent a lot of time intentionally distracting myself because I could barely even look at the code without wanting to get up and do something else. Eventually, I forced myself to sit down and work, but the quality suffered because of it. Keeping myself motivated has been very difficult, but I finally have it in a state I would consider acceptable. One very odd technique that I ended up trying was based on a joke my friend made. I was talking with her about wanting more screen real estate to see more code, and she made a joke about using my monitor sideways. I tried it for five minutes as a joke after being very distracted almost all day, and that managed to get me on track surprisingly well. This finals season has genuinely been one of the most stressful points in my life, and I am honestly kind of surprised I have even made it as far as I have. 

I am not sure if this fully counts as a bug, but the issue I struggled with the most was actually getting the functions into their own file. Looking back, the solution was obvious. But at the time, I simply could not get the program to work if the functions were not in the main file. 

I put all of the program that the user sees in the main file, my general functions into the inventory_management file, the objects that store the products, vendors, and orders, my lists stored in an object from lists, my importing and exporting functions in file_manager, my and my report functions in reports. 

The products, vendors, and orders are all stored in their own JSON files, and within those JSON files as an array. The items are converted to dictionaries and then added to a list that will be put in the JSON file. To load it, the program loops through the loaded JSON data and assigns the values from it to the correct values in the object. 

I would actually be able to get the project fully functional and feeling good to use. Despite the shortcomings of this, I am still content with it. For what time I had, I think this is good enough. 
